DDS-1320 [Notification] Support using Slots for Title and Description (#50)
dsv-rp/DDS: .changeset/old-clouds-type.md

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> The description of Notification has been modified so that it can use slots.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Added an optional `description` slot to the Notification component.
This can be used to specify the description of the Notification instead of the `description` attribute.
```

> **BREAKING CHANGE** Notification: The `title` and `description` attributes have been removed, and they are now received in the slot.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**BREAKING CHANGE** Notification: The `title` and `description` attributes have been removed, and their contents are now specified using slots with the same names.
```

---
"@daikin-oss/design-system-web-components": patch
---

> Added an optional `title` and `description` slot to the Notification component.
> They can be used to specify the title and description of the Notification instead of the `title` and `description` attribute.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Notification: Added an optional `title` and `description` slots.
These can be used to specify the title and description of the notification instead of the `title` and `description` attributes.
```
